# Grammar-Analyser

This project takes a given input and then transforms it into a grammar. This grammar is analyzed in order to perform various processes:
* If possible, it generates parsers LL(1), SLR(1), LR(1), LALR(1).
* It builds the derivation tree of a given string if it belongs to the language generated by the grammar
* It shows possible conflict strings for the generated parsers, only in case some of them present conflicts
* It analyzes if the given grammar is regular; if so, it generates the automaton and the regular expression that represent the grammar.

## Starting
To use the project, clone it or download it to your local computer.


### Requirements 📋
It is necessary to have `python v-3.7.2`, [pydot](https://pypi.org/project/pydot/), `streamlit`, `graphviz` and some web navegator as `chrome` or `firefox` installed to make full use of the application's functionalities.


### Mode of use

To execute the project, just open the console from the root location of the project and execute:

```
streamlit run main.py
```

The grammar must be inserted in the following way:

```
Distinguido = <id, 'id_name'>
NoTerminales = [ <id, 'id_name'>, <id, 'id_name'>, ⋯, <id, 'id_name'> ]
Terminales = [ <id, 'id_name'>, <id, 'id_name'>, ⋯, <id, 'id_name'> ]
S = a1 + a2 + ⋯ + ak
```

The last line represents productions, where *S* is a non_terminal symbol and *a1 + a2 + ⋯ + ak* represents a sentence. If there is more than one production asociated with the same non-terminal symbol, it is possible to write them separated by **_;_** instead of in a different line.

To insert a string in order to build the corresponding derivation tree, it is necessary that all the symbols of the string are separated by a blank space. Also the program expects a string that belongs to the language generated by the grammar, so if it doesn't it will raise an unexpected error.

## Authors ✒️

* **Carmen Irene Cabrera Rodríguez** - [cicr99](https://github.com/cicr99)
* **Enrique Martínez González** - [kikeXD](https://github.com/kikeXD)

## License

This project is under the License (MIT License) - see the file [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for details.